Things to add

1. Forgot to give you pdf for home workout so here you guy. If you think I shouldnalter workouts for the home workout please do. I have no equipment so keep that in mind. Keep it tailored to the body goal so deep dive on this if needed.
2. When I press Im busy nothing changes like the tasks for the day it doesn't move down an hr or anything.
3. If I put in busy have pretexts like shopping etc or I do add of what I'm doing and it saves it for next time if I want to use it again.
4. If possible I would like to take a picture/import or use images of what my cookbook says and it enters the data for me that would be perfect. And it saves it in the food choices.
5. Do your recommendations as well that you provide.
6. Pleask ask questions if needed and more recommendations if possible.
7. Also when I add a subject I don't want to be restricted to have to set a date/time or deadline. Say I have something I want to track but my days and not time. Or I have something that will last forever. Try fixing that so it more user friendly and more customizable.
8. I want an active tab in th setting so when I achrve something I can look back at it. Example say I finish the 60 day I get a whole you did it thing and it goes away the next day BUT I'm going to continue working out so I want the choice to do a whole new challenge like 180 day or if I just choose to continue doing it everyday without the challenge so be it but I still ant it there.
9. If I don't set a deadline for the subject keep the bar it doesn't need to be a progress bar for the deadline but a profess bar for the time I set for it if anything. Showing I did it still. Like the whole guitar thing. Or running since I plan to always run the 3 days. Also say I put that I did run make sure it doesn't pop up since I said I should only be running 3 days a week for a certain amount fo time.
10. Just how the workout tab says switch to colander I want another thing where it says switch to home workout.
11. Make this app the best. Let me know what you recommend as well referring to other know apps that are similar to this.
12. I would like to add a journal in the menu as well. For my futures trading.